passing block as namespace (#145)
resque/redis-namespace: README.md

# => nil
redis_connection.get('ns:foo')
# => nil

> #Redis::Namespace will also support Proc as a namespace and will take the resultant string as namespace at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis::Namespace also supports `Proc` as a namespace and will take the result string as namespace at runtime.
```

> namespaced_redis = Redis::Namespace.new(Proc.new {Tenant.current_tenant}, :redis => redis_connection)

Reviewer: Need to wrap this in a codeblock
